{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93No
\f1 ,
\f0  I want to read with Lucie!\'94 The screams of twenty kids ring in my ears as they grab onto my legs. As a tutor at Cesar Chavez elementary school, I am suddenly the most popular kid at school. Overwhelmed with high-pitched screams and excitement, I am reminded why I want to attend Penn. Volunteering at Cesar Chavez has opened my eyes to the lack of resources in our education system. When I struggled with reading as a child I took it for granted (and even bemoaned) that I had access to a daily tutor. Unfortunately, the kids I work with are not as fortunate. Teachers are overloaded with large classes of students with varying reading abilities and don\'92t have the time or resources to work with each child individually. Although it\'92s easy to get discouraged by the vast amount of help my students need, I know there is a way to get everyone the personalized attention they deserve. \
Reading individually with a student, I recognize the impact of the language-processing algorithms I have learned while studying machine learning. Having computers with programs to assist students with learning to read could drastically improve literacy.  Unfortunately, programs such as these are not yet widely available. \
With a Penn education, however, I can help improve literacy by widening the reach of reading software. I believe that I can develop the tools to work towards my goal with Penn\'92s unique combination of values and resources: academically-based service, excellent computer science resources, an interdisciplinary education, and an entrepreneurial spirit. \
Surrounded by people who care about making an impact on the world, I would start by taking advantage of Penn\'92s service opportunities, such as by working with the West Philadelphia Tutoring Project and the Netter Center for Community Partnerships, to continue to develop a nuanced understanding of illiteracy. \
The computer science at Penn is top-notch. With a wide array of advanced courses to choose from, I would be able to explore everything from Scalable and Cloud Computing to Human Language Technology. The flexibility of Penn\'92s CIS curriculum would allow me to design an independent project; in CIS 497, for instance, I could develop natural language processing algorithms to assist people with learning to read. I would have access to the best professors that could help me with my research and join groups like NetDB@Penn to learn from my peers. \
Beyond the depth of Computer Science courses offered, Penn\'92s interdisciplinary emphasis would arm me with a well-rounded perspective to undergird my efforts to program effective reading software. Courses such as Introduction to Cognitive Science and Introduction to Brain and Behavior would give me a better understanding of how humans learn to read. With resources like the Institute for Research in Cognitive Science, I could work with peers, attend events and listen to speakers for inspiration, motivation and most importantly assistance\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl480\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 	
\f0 Once I have my ideas solidified, I would be able to set them loose by studying entrepreneurship at Wharton. I would value the opportunity to use resources such as the Weiss Tech House and the Mack Institute for Innovation Management to collaborate and attend workshops that would help me learn to transform an idea into a successful business. They would provide me in-depth knowledge of how to market reading software and keep it affordable for all schools
\f1 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720\sl480\slmult1

\f0 \cf0  With Penn\'92s resources and guidance, I know I could turn my concern with literacy into effective reading software and a real business venture \'97 as I could with any other societal ail that knocks at me.\
}